c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\SeatedSensor.exe.config
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\SeatedSensor.exe
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\SeatedSensor.pdb
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\RestSharp.dll
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\RestSharp.xml
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor.g.resources
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor.exe
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\SeatedSensor.pdb
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\Mantin.Controls.Wpf.Notification.dll
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\bin\Debug\Mantin.Controls.Wpf.Notification.pdb
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\Page1.baml
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\Window1.baml
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\Page1.g.cs
c:\users\rlingineni\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SeatedSensor\SeatedSensor\obj\Debug\Window1.g.cs
